Use public docker images (#24)
IntelAI/inference-model-manager: docs/prerequisites.md

Make sure it support gRPC traffic and http2 protocol.

## Docker registry

> It is optional to build platform components’ docker images and push them to Docker Registry which is accessible

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use prebuilt public docker images or optionally, build platform components’ docker images on your own. In that case push them to a docker registry accessible
```
